Add @kaname-png/sentry (#59)
sapphiredev/awesome-sapphire: README.md

- [@kaname-png/plugin-subcommands-advanced](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/main/packages/subcommands-advanced#readme):
  Plugin for [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to create and register subcommands using
  decorators and/or advanced class structures.
- [@kaname-png/sentry](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/main/packages/sentry): Plugin for

>   <a href="https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework">@sapphire/framework</a> to post error on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework">@sapphire/framework</a> to publish errors to
```
